iOS 14 beta note added (#7)
covidgreen/covid-green-app: README.md

Follow the official guide "[Setting up the development environment](https://reactnative.dev/docs/environment-setup)" to set up your local machine to develop iOS and Android applications with React Native.

> Install an Xcode version that supports iOS 13.5, required by the [ExposureNotification framework](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/exposurenotification) used by the app. Please keep in mind ExposureNotification isn’t available in iOS 14 beta (last beta published: beta 2).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install an Xcode version that supports iOS 13.5, required by the [ExposureNotification framework](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/exposurenotification) used by the app. The Exposure Notification capability is not yet available in iOS 14 beta (last beta published: beta 2).
```
